>> DNA analysis tells us we
shared the Earth with forms
of life in the past
that are very different.
>> And the natives said,
we didn't move this.
The gods did it.
>> One of the oldest statues
shows a human with the head
of a lion.
>> We see the Orion correlation
appearing literally all over
the world.
>> And we can tap into that
ancient past and bring it
to our future lives.
>> Baby skeletons have this
elongation before any head
binding.
>> The king's chamber vibrates
at approximately 432 Hertz.
>> The great pyramid
functioned as a power plant,
and it was used to draw
vibrations from the earth.
>> And sacred geometry
and everything that goes
into the construction
of these chambers.
It is an ancient technology
for creating altered states
of consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]